fix(ci): add Quay secret validation and document CI workflow gotchas (#271)
complytime/complytime-collector-components: AGENTS.md

- **S3 test portability**: Don't depend on host-installed CLI tools (`aws`, `mc`). The test bucket is configured with anonymous public access via `rc anonymous set public` in `rustfs-init`, so tests can query the S3 ListObjectsV2 API with plain HTTP — no auth headers needed.
- **awss3 exporter partitioning**: When `resource_attrs_to_s3.s3_prefix` is set, it replaces (not appends to) the static `s3_prefix`. Objects land at `{resource_attr_value}/evidence_logs_{uuid}.json`, not `{s3_prefix}/{resource_attr_value}/...`.

## CI Workflow Gotchas

> - **`artifact-metadata` is not a valid GitHub Actions permission**: A previous commit added `artifact-metadata: write` to `ci_publish_ghcr.yml`, believing it was required by `actions/attest`. This caused `ci_local.yml` to fail at startup (`startup_failure`) because GitHub validates all referenced reusable workflows — including their permission blocks — before starting any job. The correct scope for build provenance attestations is `attestations: write`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`artifact-metadata` is not a valid GitHub Actions permission** scope. The correct scope for build provenance attestations (actions/attest) is `attestations: write`. Using an invalid scope causes a startup_failure because GitHub validates all permission blocks including in reusable workflows before any job runs.
```
